23-04 30th Ave
Hello
23-04 30th Ave
2540 Shore Blvd #220 Shore Towers is a high rise luxury waterfront condominium, located in the heart of Astoria, Queens. Offering unparalleled Manhattan Skyline and River views, Shore Towers is the epitome of luxurious, care free living. Unique luxury 2 bedroom Penthouse in a full service, doorman building. This magnificent unit spanning approximately 1725 Sq. Ft. features top of the line renovations including a wrap around terrace with panoramic Manhattan views. The open floor plan includes a formal dining room, enclosed living room/sun room, high end chefs kitchen with over-sized granite island and stainless steel appliances. Radiant heating and split units throughout. Two private garage spaces included. Amenities: tennis court, pool, fitness center, shuttle to the subway, full time doorman, on-site dry cleaner and laundry service.
2540 Shore Blvd #220
209-39 45th Drive #1
504 Grand St #A62 Windows, Light, Space & Views! Terrific 1 bedroom home in one of the most desirable Lower East Side Art Deco Buildings. Adorned by windows and light in every room, there is lots of clever storage and built-ins. Williamsburg Bridge Views from both the living room and the bedroom. Renovated windowed kitchen, updated windowed bath, office nook, beautiful hardwood floors. 504 Grand Street is a throw back to the Art Deco Period. There is an alluring and illuminated fountain that is at a center of the courtyard for the building. It is located in close proximity to all things historic & modern on the Lower East Side - Orchard & Delancey Streets, Ost Caf, newly upgraded Essex Market, Trader Joe's, Bialystoker Pl, Russ & Daughters, Yonah Shimmel knishery and much more. Also minutes away to the East River park and public transportation to swiftly whisk you away to any NYC destination. This charmer won't last. 
504 Grand St #A62
165 Chrystie St #301 165 Chrystie Street provides the most pivotal and desired features for quality city living. Light and air is met with lofty 9'2 ceiling heights, sound mitigating multi-paned sliding glass windows, private outdoor spaces and views overlooking the park. Residents will benefit from the utmost in privacy (with only one unit per floor), smart layouts (with entertaining in the front and sleeping quarters in the back), end user flexibility for customization (pre-wiring for smart home system) and energy efficiency (multi-zoned HVAC units, and in-unit vented washer/dryer sets). Sleek open kitchens with breakfast bars, from Cesar NYC, are dressed with white veined crystal quartzite countertops, backsplashes & islands, and rich fumed oak cabinetry accented with Dornbracht fixtures. The modern Italian kitchen cabinetry allows for beautiful shelving and storage solutions while a full suite of Miele appliances finish the spaces. A dedicated area off of the kitchen can be well served as a dining area or quartered off to create a space to fit your specific needs. Bedroom suites are set back to the rear of the residence, and outfitted with multi-paned windows for maximum seclusion and peaceful rest. The master suite features a walk-in closet and en-suite bathroom as well as access to your home's private balcony. Master bathrooms come complete with unique and expansive double standing showers, radiant floor heating, wall hung toilettes, dual undermount wash basins with attractive WaterWorks fixtures, as well as, vanities with ample storage solutions for your everyday essentials. Sensible amenities include a lobby with a part-time doorman, package room, gym/recreation room, common roof space, bike and private storage. 165 Chrystie is located at the pulsating juncture of Soho, Noho, Nolita, The Bowery and Lower East Side. With a rich history in music, art, food and culture combined with new retail, restaurants, galleries and museums, Chrystie Street is earmarked to be one of the most sought after new luxury residential destinations by affording its residents with the very best of what quintessential downtown has to offer and more.
165 Chrystie St #301
60 Montgomery Pl Beautiful Brooklyn gem mere moments from Prospect Park, finely preserved and updated for your living pleasure! Architecturally distinctive and rich with historic integrity, 60 Montgomery Place is a wonderful 4-story, 22-foot-wide residence in prime Park Slope with an English basement, private garden, outdoor deck, roof terrace and green roof offering lovely park views. A legal two-family, currently enjoyed as a single-family, this home is special in every way, with triple exposures to the north, south and east, and loads of original features. Extensive renovations to the home including finely redone kitchen and baths and central air conditioning lend the elements of modern luxury that today's discerning buyer desires. The elegant wood floors that enrich the interior are a mix of original, reclaimed and new, met by tinted plaster walls throughout. The gracious first level welcomes you with an entry foyer with large coat closet, opening to the front sitting room. This stunning living area features tall sun-filled windows, new wood floors, a marble fireplace, and crystal chandelier that's original to the house. Proceed to the lovely piano room, with an adjacent powder room. Beyond is the stately dining room clad in restored mahogany paneling, with new wood flooring and leaded glass windows enhancing the character. Flow through to the contemporary eat-in chef's kitchen for easy serving and entertaining. Here a 19th century reclaimed European encaustic tile floor is complemented by sleek wood cabinetry, recycled glass tile backsplash, Danby marble countertops and premium stainless steel Wolf and Sub-Zero appliances. From the eating area, glass doors open to a private deck. On the second floor you'll find the large master bedroom retreat with a gas fireplace, walk-in closet, home office, and full bath graced by both limestone and 19th century reclaimed European encaustic tiles. A charming den with wood trimmed bay windows, powder room, and laundry closet complete this spacious level. Level three presents a bright, roomy den that can accommodate multiple uses, as well as 2 bedrooms (one with walk-in closet). The shared full bath is styled with floor tiles that were handmade in Morocco, a soaking tub by Wetstyle, and glass vanity by Robern. Two additional bedrooms, a full bath, and convenient kitchenette area occupy the 4th story. The larger king-size bedroom is vaulted with a striking oversized window, and the smaller bedroom can fit a queen-size bed. The modern bathroom with a walk-in shower also has handmade Moroccan floor tiles. All bathrooms in the home are appointed with Duravit fixtures. The peaceful roof deck made with reclaimed Ipe wood from the Coney Island Boardwalk is a true treat, showcasing views of Prospect Park. Along with this is a lush green roof, featured in Martha Stewart Living, with an irrigation system and vistas of the Park, Downtown Manhattan, and Statue of Liberty. Sixteen-zone heating/air conditioning keeps the interior climate
60 Montgomery Pl
575 4th Ave #2B  Immaculate, western facing, and meticulously designed, 2B boasts ample closets, in-residence washer and dryer, and generously-sized entertaining spaces. Enhanced by custom real walnut cabinetry, a fully integrated Thermador and Bosch appliance package, Blum German hardware with soft close drawers and doors, and gleaming Alleanza quartz countertop with matching backsplash, the kitchen is ideal for any level of chef. The open, custom kitchen with seated island and adjacent entry-way coat closet generously unfolds to the living and dining room, offering flexibility and grandness of space. The gracious master suite offers robust closet space and adjacent full bathroom with deep tub and custom vanity. Custom floor-to-ceiling, double-paned, noise-isolating Italian windows, 7" engineered European oak wood flooring, and individually controlled, energy efficient, multi-zone heating and cooling system complete this immaculate offering. Just outside 2B's doors, a truly robust and thoughtful amenity program awaits. Distinct indoor and outdoor amenities provide 575 Fourth with a sense of community and a fresh spin on city living. Two landscaped greenspaces totaling more than 12,000 square feet including an expansive outdoor courtyard with dog run, children's playground, fire pit, great lawn and trellis-covered al-fresco dining area with adjacent BBQs. The rooftop terrace boasts outdoor sundeck with dining areas, relaxing chaise lounges and sweeping views of the Statue of Liberty, harbor, and the Brooklyn and Manhattan skylines. Inside, modern spaces for dining and entertainment, health and wellness, work and leisure feel like an extension of home and include a double-height attended lobby, well-appointed fitness center with adjoining yoga and stretching studio, a whimsical and creative children's playroom, professional quality music-room outfitted for rock stars of all ages, and a modern resident lounge ideal with co-working spaces, kitchenette, and adjacent game room and billiards table.
575 4th Ave #2B 
1595 Unionport Rd #5C Stunning designed king size one bedroom Condo in the heart of Parkchester . The apartment features well maintain parquet wood floors,an elegant all white Kitchen including appliances, freshly painted, plenty of storage and an abundance of natural light with a great view. Parkchester has its own subway station on the #6 line as well as Express bus offering frequent service to NYC. There is excellent shopping including Macy's and many specialty stores and super markets as well as a variety of restaurants including Starbucks. There are medical and dental offices and day care faculties. Residents have street parking available as well as several parking garages and there is 24 hour security. Parkchester is near the Bronx zoo, the Botanical Gardens, Fordham University and the Albert Einstein Center and College of Medicine, Montefiore and Jacobi Hospitals.Public, private and 


18 White Place: excellent move-in condition detached one family house on quiet tree block. over sized lot with plenty parking space and two cars detached garage.first fl: entry foyer, living room, updated kitchen with s/s appliances,granite counter top, formal dining room. second fl: master bedroom, updated full bath, br, br, walk up attic with additional living space. basement: full finished with 3/4 bathroom, family rm, laundry area and utilities. house was renovated few years ago. scenic garden with new cement installed last year. huge back yard with bbq area, open bar, perfect for party lover.
1595 Unionport Rd #5C
82 Douglas Rd An architectural masterpiece that exudes a presence unlike any other home in Staten Island. A newly-constructed estate of exceptional grandeur, sophistication, and privacy. This home sits on over 1/2 acre of flat land, Located in unparalleled Emerson Hill, this phenomenal home is nothing short of majestic in concept, and magnificent in execution. Every comfort has been considered, and every detail has been meticulously crafted; this home has it ALL. This grand dwelling has been masterfully designed for living and entertaining. The seamless transition from the interior living spaces to the outdoor living spaces will leave you ensconced in the pinnacle of luxury, quality, and technology. Your imagination will be fueled by the technological marvels, and your senses thrilled by the breathtaking year-round water views and sparkling City and Bridge lights from every room and the yard. The outdoor living spaces were professionally designed and landscaped with the same thoughtful considerations as the interior. Smart technology controls the fire pit, fire balls, pool, spa, and exterior lighting - all from the palm of your hand. Huge covered exterior kitchen/bar, entertainment area with paddle fans; lavish exterior bathroom; multiple seating areas and media. The awe-inspiring 24-foot tall foyer with its broad and sweeping staircase welcomes you into the sophisticated, light-infused, Smart-Home-controlled, open floor-plan with four levels of luxurious living and entertainment spaces. The main level offers banquet-sized dining room, elevator, butler's pantry, full walk-in pantry, chef's kitchen with all high-end appliances (please refer to detail sheet), over-sized center island with seating, chic powder room,family room with soaring window wall that overlooks the magnificent rear yard, living room with multiple seating areas and custom stone fireplace. The second floor offers a master suite with two private terraces, separate sitting area with fireplace, huge walk-in closet, and bathroom with double sink and claw-foot soaking tub, and a large custom walk-in shower. Three additional bedrooms, each with their own private bath and balcony. The rearmost bedroom also has a fireplace. The top level can be used as a private guest area; has two additional bedrooms, its own family room and 3/4 bath. The finished basement is fully above grade (with views too!) and features 12 foot ceiling heights, home theater, custom fully-equipped bar, and a sophisticated gentleman's lair. Built-in garage with radiant h A trophy estate that re-imagines what luxury is all about. 
82 Douglas Rd
566 44th St #4A: Welcome home to this sun drenched charming 2 bedroom coop apartment on one of the prettiest blocks in Sunset Park Brooklyn. An amazing location in a charming, historic Finnish building directly across from the Park! This home features original hardwood flooring throughout, 9 foot tall ceilings, newly renovated bathroom, brand new appliances in the kitchen and loads of windows in which you have lovely views of The Lower NY Bay and the Verrazano Bridge. Each unit comes with a private storage bin and there is a laundry in the basement. This small self-managed 4 story building has a live in super, is pet friendly, and just installed new solar panels on the roof. Merely steps away, Sunset Park itself boasts an Olympic size swimming pool, a fitness gym with classes, a recreation center, a playground with a splash pad, soccer field, basketball and volleyball courts not to mention tons of greenery to walk, jog or just enjoy a relaxing picnic. Industry City is close by with its massive complex of art, fine eateries, unique shops and entertainment. Conveniently close to transportation only 1.5 blocks to the N and R trains- this is the ideal location to call your new home.
566 44th St #4A
672 46th St #1D: Located in the heart of vibrant Sunset Park, this charming three bedroom unit sits on the first floor of a sixteen unit, pet-friendly co-op. The living room flows into a windowed eat-in kitchen, ideal for the aspiring chef. Three bedrooms offer tremendous flexibility of use, and could be reconfigured to expand the living space. 672 46th Street is conveniently located two short blocks from the park (Olympic-size swimming pool, well-equipped gym, recreational center, artificial grass soccer field and sprinkler park), minutes from the N, R, W & D trains, as well as near the area's best shopping, dining and amenities.
672 46th St #1D:
148 Chambers Street: TriBeCa Penthouse Decadence Designed to epitomize indulgent indoor/outdoor city living- this truly one of a kind private penthouse home atop a historic 1908 TriBeCa former industrial building offers the ultimate lifestyle experience for secluded private living and epic scale entertaining. Discreetly housed in a former factory- secured by a 24 hour virtual doorman- your key locked elevator opens into your private paradise. The main floor encompasses a twenty-two foot long light filled lofted living/dining space with custom Cor-Ten steel cabinetry, hand applied Venetian plaster walls, wide plank bleached solid oak floors, formal living, dining for 12, and a 15-foot center island, white Corian countertops, custom Boffi cabinetry and pantry, Miele and Gaggenau appliances including two dishwashers, double ovens, a 5-burner cooktop with grill vented to the outside, and a 50-bottle temperature controlled SubZero wine refrigerator. An elegant powder room completes the public portion of this main floor of this stunning home. The private bedroom wing is divided by a floor to ceiling sand blasted white art glass feature wall with dramatically back lit aquarium and houses two sunshine filled guest bedrooms each with a pristine en-suite stone and glass tile bathroom- over sized step-in shower, soaking tub and custom closets. Venture upstairs the double height stairway to one of the most decadent master suites in all of Downtown- a private resort in the sky. You land at your private VIP lounge with custom seating, entertaining kitchen, cold beverage and wine storage, dishwasher and yes- a ceiling mounted swing. Off the master lounge is a professional recording studio with a city view- to record your next hit or have fun with your wall of guitars and keyboards. A 12 foot high pocket door slides to expose the king size master retreat. The luxurious floor to ceiling stone windowed bathroom features an over sized step in shower for two- double vanity- radiant heated stone floors and a deep soaking tub for two bathers. The bedroom offers floor to ceiling custom cabinetry for acres of clothing, bag, and shoe storage for the most avid shopper. The secluded master garden is your own private paradise. The entire floor to ceiling glass curtain wall slides to reveal the inlaid travertine deck which surrounds the four person hot tub, lounge seating and recliners, quiet, bright, and shielded by a 10 foot high irrigated hedge. For your private enjoyment - the 500+ square feet south facing terrace offers unlimited options for grilling on your gas BBQ grill, ample space for dining and chilling for 100 of your closest friends under the stars and the lights of the jaw dropping Downtown panorama and Freedom Tower as your personal nightlight. Watch a game or Game of Thrones on your outdoor TV, in your private city with the metropolis. Every inch of this custom home has been designed and renovated to perfection for the most discerning clientele
148 Chambers Street
30 Park Plaza #52 C
Hello
30 Park Plaza #52 C
301 E 63rd Street #10F: Mint condition two bed/one bath, approximately 915 SF, and move-in ready, enjoy this newly renovated south & west-facing home. Sunny & graciously laid out, every inch has been re-done - a complete makeover that really must be seen. Entering this large corner apartment, wide-plank, lightly stained, hardwood floors greet you in a foyer outfitted with three generously sized California-style closets, one newly built & double wide. Those lovely floors extend throughout, complemented by elegant baseboard & crown moldings, plus new light fixtures, custom built radiator enclosures, Friedrich thru-wall air conditioners, and wall mounted Samsung Flat Screen televisions in the living room, master & second bedrooms. Each wired and ready to enjoy. The master bedroom has a huge walk-in closet, fitted with shelving, drawers, and space to hang your wardrobe. An open, windowed kitchen features Bosch stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops & breakfast bar, Italian subway tile, and abundant cabinetry. Lots of storage here, and we even snuck in a wine rack. The bath, also windowed, offers Danze fixtures, Toto toilet, a deep tub, a medicine cabinet mirrored inside & out, and much improved lighting. The monthly charge includes the Corporation's purchase of the underlying land, continues thru July, 31st, 2023, and will be adjusted accordingly to reflect the new loan balance at that time. Pet-friendly, amenities include a live-in Superintendent, full-time Doorman & Porters, and newly renovated lobby. The landscaped roof-deck can be reserved for entertaining, bike storage is available for an annual fee of $25, the laundry room has been upgraded, elevators completely overhauled, and the boiler has been replaced, all paid for in cash and at no extra cost to shareholders. Market rate garage right next door! Co-purchasers, parents buying for children, pied-a-terres, Trust purchases, and subletting all permitted with board approval...Second Avenue Subway is now just one block away at Third Avenue and East 63rd St!
301 E 63rd Street #10F
34 E 62nd Street: AN HISTORIC MOMENT. In recent Manhattan history, it is rare for a Townhouse to be completely newly built from the ground up in the coveted, Upper East Side Historic District. 34 East 62nd Street, a totally new 20-foot wide, approx. 9,200 s.f., 5-story home revels in this distinction. HS Jessup Architects designed this majestically sleek and modern Beaux Arts inspired Mansion between Madison and Park Avenues. The facade beckons back to the turn of the last century with its sumptuous facade, clad in French Limestone. The beauty of this sun-filled home with South, North and West exposures, is accentuated by oversized bowed windows in a sleek modern frame and crowned with a dramatic slate Mansard roof. The entry is framed by beautifully rusticated limestone. The Entry Hall opens to a gracious Gallery showcasing a handsome staircase accented by an architectural West facing window. The oversized Kitchen/Media Room with a fireplace, looks out onto a grand, south facing, Garden. A gracious second floor landing introduces the Entertaining Floor which leads to a spectacular Formal Dining Room, Butler's Pantry and stately, grand Living Room with dramatic ceiling heights of 11' 6". The 3rd and 4th floors contain four Bedroom with 10'6" ceiling heights and 4 en-suite Bathrooms, plus a full-sized Laundry Room. The Grand Master 5th floor Bedroom Suite has soaring ceiling heights, an oversized Bedroom, a gallery Dressing Room and 2 luxurious Bathrooms en-suite. A full height cellar with a separate staff entrance, abundant storage and flexibility for a wine cellar, fitness center, a home theater and more. An elevator services the Lower Level to the approx 1,400 s.f. Roof Deck with spectacular views of Manhattan's skyline.34 East 62nd Street features world class construction, technology and new mechanicals. In all - the finest modern conveniences while offering grand architectural details. This newly built home is delivered in designer ready condition for personal customization.
34 E 62nd Street
10 E 76th Street: Extreme light...exceptional ceiling height... phenomenal rooftop views! With approximately 12,380 interior square feet, 2,500 exterior square feet, and 13 foot majestic ceilings, this unique limestone mansion is offered for sale for $29.95 million (or for a Digital Currency equivalent to 1.5 times USD offered price). Along with USD, the Seller will accept payment in Bitcoin, Ethereum, or Ripple. Nothing speaks more truth of a New York City mansion than a proper entrance which emotes a sense of heft and a welcoming arrival; soaring ceilings creating voluminous rooms, and as is with everything in real estate - location, location, location. Fabulously situated on a premier block of the Upper East Side's Gold Coast between Fifth and Madison Avenues, this palatial 22-foot wide townhome is the tallest townhome on the block, towering above all the others around it. Built circa 1904 by architects Schwartz and Gross (renown for building The Mark and The Surrey hotels), 10 East 76th Street offers a sublime sanctuary zoned for residential or, residential with professional space on the Garden Floor. This majestic beaux-art home is fully built to the building lot and features an expansive roof terrace structurally designed to sustain a reflecting pool, a side terrace on the Garden Floor, soaring ceilings and fantastic light. A grand, solid-bronze gated entrance leads into an elegant entry vestibule which opens into a stately marbled reception gallery with an impressive wood-burning fireplace and original mosaic tiled floors that have an added European patina. A white marble staircase graciously curves its way to the upper floors. Beyond the reception gallery, through a private door, leads to what was formerly three professional offices. For 24 years, this majestic limestone mansion served as a family compound for its European owner, affording seven private living areas including the Fifth and Sixth Floors combined as a separate penthouse. This allowed for extended family and close friends to live together under the same roof and yet, living separately with a certain amount of privacy. The home's grand scale and impressive potential to be reconfigured into a full, single family mansion is apparent on each floor's 10 to 13 foot ceilings and extra-wide landing areas. There are twelve working wood-burning fireplaces including two outdoor fireplaces located on the Sixth Floor and Roof Terraces. An outdoor lift from the Sixth Floor Terrace ascends to the expansive Roof Terrace, providing a towering, 360 degree view of Manhattan's skyline. The expansive Lower Level is built-out the full length and width of the building lot and boasts unusually high ceilings, a laundry facility, staff room quarters, storage, mechanical storage and a vast vault under the sidewalk that partially extends underneath East 76th Street, supplemented by an outdoor lift to street-level. A rare and extraordinary opportunity to own an impressive lime-stone faade, beaux-art townhouse in a prime
10 E 76th Street
Hello
10 E 76th Street
155 W 66th St: Fractional Ownership at its Finest This very spacious Studio Suite at The Phillips Club II (larger than the studio in Phillips I) is the perfect pied-a-terre for those who recurrently travel to the city for business or pleasure and desire an upscale hotel environment with the benefits and comforts of ownership. Fresh contemporary decor, HD Plasma TV, Bose entertainment center, portable wardrobe for storage, and other first-rate amenities await you. Not a full-time residence; minimum use of this unit is 45 days per year, with potential for more. The Phillips Club offers 24-hour concierge, daily maid service (nightly fee during use), and privileges at the Equinox Sports Club/NY. 
155 W 66th St
721 Flushing Ave #4A: Do not miss this incredible opportunity to own a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom condo in East Williamsburg at an incredible value. This newly renovated 2 bed, 2 bathroom condo features a clean, modern design. The open concept kitchen spotlights brand new, high end, stainless steel appliances, white stone countertops and custom cabinetry throughout. The kitchen island overlooks a spacious south facing living room ideal for entertaining and oversized windows flooding the space with natural light. Both bedrooms are generous and feature extra-large closets. The master bedroom has its own totally refurbished en-suite master bathroom. Both bathrooms show off a sleek design, custom tiling with halo vanity mirror with ample storage cabinets. The apartment is also highlighted by beautiful hardwood floors and in unit washer/dryer. 721 Flushing Avenue 4A is located in the Thornton Park Condominiums, a 14 unit condo building located on the very exciting junction of Williamsburg and Bushwick. Thornton Park offers a fitness room and residents' patio as well as onsite indoor parking (available for purchase). Conveniently located a half block to the J,M,Z subway lines at Flushing avenue station and two blocks from the Flushing G train. 721 Flushing Avenue offers all the great restaurants, shops and nightlife that both Williamsburg and Bushwick has to offer.
721 Flushing Ave #4A
104 Division Ave #20: Classic five in Williamsburg Brooklyn! This sunny and spacious 4th floor coop has two bedrooms, a large windowed kitchen and washer. Large rooms and great layout where each room has a window facing west and master bedroom is south facing. This walk-up apartment is located off Bedford Avenue, steps away from all of the restaurants, bars, cafes, services and transportation you can ask for. 
104 Division Ave #20